JOYENT, INC. SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

READ CAREFULLY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AS THEY CONSITUTE,
TOGETHER WITH AN APPLICABLE ORDER FORM, A LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT
AND GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE JOYENT SOFTWARE. BY CLICKING THE "I
ACCEPT" BELOW AND INSTALLING AND USING THE JOYENT SOFTWARE, YOU ARE
INDICATING THAT YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  IF YOU DO
NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL OR
USE THE JOYENT SOFTWARE, BUT YOU MAY RETURN THE SOFTWARE TO JOYENT
OR THE PARTY FROM WHICH YOU PURCHASED A LICENSE AND RECEIVE A FULL
REFUND OF THE PURCHASE PRICE OF SUCH LICENSE.  This SOFTWARE LICENSE
AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is entered into by and between Joyent,
Inc. ("Joyent") and the customer that is purchasing a License to the
Joyent Software identified on the applicable Order Form ("You" or
"Customer"), and is effective as of the date you install the Joyent
Software (the "Effective Date"). 


1.  DEFINITIONS The following capitalized terms shall have the
meaning set forth below.  Other defined terms shall have the
meanings set forth where they are first underlined.

1.1 "Customer" means the entity named on the cover page to this
Agreement, and its affiliates.  For purposes of this Agreement,
"affiliate" means an entity that controls, is controlled by or under
common control with the entity named above.  The entity named above
agrees to be responsible to Joyent for any costs or damages
resulting from an act or omission by an affiliate that if
attributable to Customer would constitute a breach of this
Agreement.  

1.2 "Documentation" means the documentation provided with the Joyent
Software to Customer hereunder, together with any and all new
releases, corrections, updates and applicable training materials
furnished by Joyent to Customer under this Agreement.

1.3 "Joyent Software" means the Joyent computer software for which
Customer has purchased a License hereunder, as indicated on the
applicable Order Form hereto, in object code format only, along with
any Updates thereto provided to Customer hereunder.

1.4 "License" means Customer's right to use, for the License Term,
the specific edition of the Joyent Software, subject to the
applicable Number of Authorized Servers, for which such right has
been purchased.

1.5  "License Term" means the period of time for which a License is
valid.

1.6 "Number of Authorized Servers" means the number of physical
server computers on which Customer has purchased the right to run
the Joyent Software, as set forth in one or more applicable Order
Forms. A server is defined as having no more than 4 physical CPUs.

1.7 "Order Form" means a Joyent order form, pursuant to which
Customer has ordered a License to the Joyent Software.

1.8 "Update" means any update, upgrade, bug fix, enhancement or
revision to the Joyent Software made general available by Joyent to
customers during the term of this Agreement.

2.  SOFTWARE LICENSE, DELIVERY, ACCEPTANCE AND RESTRICTIONS

2.1 License Grants.  (a)  Subject to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, Joyent agrees to grant, and does hereby grant to
Customer during the  applicable License Term, a limited, non-
exclusive, non-transferable right and license (without the right to
grant or authorize sublicenses) to install the specific edition of
the Joyent Software identified on the applicable Order Form and use
such Joyent Software on the Number of Authorized Servers specified
on the applicable Order Form, solely for Customer's own business
operations.  For the avoidance of doubt, Customer may use the Joyent
Software to provide "cloud" computing services to third parties.
Customer may make a reasonable number of copies of the Joyent
Software for backup and/or archival purposes.     (b) Customer may
use, reproduce and distribute internally a reasonable number of
copies of the Documentation solely for internal use, and provided
that Customer must include on such copies all Joyent trademarks,
trade names, logos and notices present on the Documentation as
originally provided by Joyent, and the same shall be preserved and
not deliberately defaced, modified or obliterated except by normal
wear and tear.  (c) Customer may permit third party contractors
performing services on Customer's behalf to use the Joyent Software
and Documentation, provided that (i) such use must be solely for the
purpose of Customer exercising its rights in accordance with this
Agreement and (ii) Customer shall be responsible for all acts and
omissions of such contractors.  

2.2 Acceptance of Software.  The Joyent Software will be deemed
accepted upon delivery to Customer.    

2.3 Restrictions.  Customer agrees not to: (i) copy or use the
Joyent Software in any manner except as expressly permitted in this
Agreement; (ii) attempt to reverse engineer, disassemble or
otherwise derive source code from the Joyent Software, (ii)
transfer, sell, rent, lease, distribute, sublicense, loan or
otherwise transfer the Joyent Software to any third party; (iv) use
the Joyent Software for providing time-sharing services, service
bureau services or as part of an application services provider or as
a service offering except as set forth in Section 2.1(a) above to
provide a cloud computing service (v) alter or remove any
proprietary notices in the Joyent Software; or (vi) make available
to any third party any analysis of the results of operation of the
Joyent Software, including benchmarking results, without the prior
written consent of Joyent. 

2.4 Government Rights.  The Joyent Software licensed under this
Agreement is "commercial computer Products" as that term is
described in DFAR 252.227-7014(a)(1).  If acquired by or on behalf
of a civilian agency, the U.S.  Government acquires this commercial
computer Product and/or commercial computer Products documentation
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement as specified
in 48C.F.R. 12.212 (Computer Products) and 12.11 (Technical Data) of
the Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR") and its successors.  If
acquired by or on behalf of any agency within the Department of
Defense ("DOD"), the U.S.  Government acquires this commercial
computer Products and/or commercial computer Products documentation
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement as specified
in 48 C.F.R.  227.7202 of the DOD FAR Supplement and its successors.
Customer will not export the Products in violation of the export
laws of the United States or of any other country.    

2.5 Protection Against Unauthorized Use.  Customer shall promptly
notify Joyent of any unauthorized use, reproduction or distribution
of the Joyent Software or Documentation of which it becomes aware.
In the event of any unauthorized use, reproduction or distribution
by any of Customer's employees, agents or representatives, Customer
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to terminate any such
unauthorized use and to retrieve any unauthorized copy of the Joyent
Software or Documentation in the possession or control of the person
or entity engaging in such unauthorized use.  Joyent may, at its
option and expense, participate in any such proceeding and, in such
an event, Customer shall provide such authority, information and
assistance related to such proceeding as Joyent may reasonably
request.

2.6 Books and Records; Audit Rights.  Customer shall keep accurate
records regarding its compliance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement and the number copies of the Joyent Software and
Documentation reproduced and the location of each copy.  Upon five
(5) business days prior notice, Joyent or its designee may audit
Customer's records to verify Customer's compliance with this
Agreement; provided, however that Customer may require such
accounting firm to execute a confidentiality agreement reasonably
satisfactory to Customer.  Any such audit shall be performed at
Customer's facilities during normal business hours and no more than
one (1) time in any twelve (12) month period.   In the event any
such audit reveals that Customer has used the Joyent Software in
excess of the number of users for which it has paid, Customer shall
promptly pay to Joyent an amount equal to the difference between the
fees actually paid and the fees that would have been paid by
Customer had Customer purchased the number of licenses it is shown
to have been using by the audit.  This Section 2.6 shall survive for
a period of two (2) years from the termination or expiration of this
Agreement.

3.  FEES, PAYMENT AND TAXES

3.1 License Fees.  Customer agrees to pay Joyent the license fees
stated on each applicable Order Form. 

3.2 Payment.  Unless otherwise specified on an Order Form, all
invoices will be paid in U.S dollars and are due upon receipt and
will be paid within thirty (30) days of the date of the invoice.
Payments will be made without right of set-off or chargeback.   All
monetary amounts are specified and shall be paid in the lawful
currency of the United States of America.  Customer shall pay all
amounts due under this Agreement to Joyent at the address set forth
herein or such other location as Joyent designates in writing. Any
amount not paid when due will bear interest at the rate of one and
one half percent (1.5%) per month or the maximum rate permitted by
law, whichever is less, determined and compounded on a daily basis
from the date due until the date paid.

3.3 Taxes.  All amounts payable by Customer to Joyent under this
Agreement are exclusive of any tax, levy or similar governmental
charge that may be assessed by any jurisdiction, whether based on
gross revenue, the delivery, possession or use of the Joyent
Software, the execution or performance of this Agreement or
otherwise, and including without limitation all sales, use, excise,
import or export, value added, governmental permit fees, license
fees, and customs; provided, however, that Customer shall have no
liability for any net income, net worth or franchise taxes assessed
on Joyent by the United States or any state thereof.  If, as a
result of any tax or levy, Customer is required to withhold any
amount on any payment to Joyent, then the amount of the payment to
Joyent shall be automatically increased to totally offset such tax,
so that the amount actually remitted to Joyent, net of all taxes,
equals the amount invoiced or otherwise due.  Customer will promptly
furnish Joyent with the official receipt of payment of these taxes
to the appropriate taxing authority.  Customer will pay all other
taxes, levies or similar government charges or provide Joyent with a
certificate of exemption acceptable to the taxing authority.

4.  TERM AND TERMINATION

4.1 Term.  This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and
shall, unless earlier terminated under Section 

4.2 below, continue in force until the expiration of the License
Term set forth on the applicable Order Form, provided that if no
License Term is set forth on the applicable Order Form, this
Agreement shall have a term of two (2) years.  

4.2 Termination.  Either party may, upon written notice to the other
party, terminate this Agreement for material breach by the other
party if such party has failed to cure such material breach within
thirty (30) days of receiving written notice of such material breach
from the non-breaching party.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Joyent
may terminate this Agreement upon written notice, and without giving
Customer the opportunity to cure, in the event that Customer
breaches the scope of the license granted in Section 2.1 of this
Agreement through gross negligence or willful misconduct. 

4.3 Post Termination.  Upon termination of this Agreement, for any
reason, Customer shall promptly cease the use of the Joyent Software
and Documentation and destroy (and certify to Joyent in writing the
fact of such destruction), or return to Joyent, all copies of the
Joyent Software and Documentation then in Customer's possession or
under Customer's control.

4.4 Survival.  All payment obligations under Section 3, plus
Sections 2.5, 2.6, 4.3, 4.4 and 5-9 of this Agreement shall survive
any termination or expiration of this Agreement.    

5.  CONFIDENTIALITY

5.1 Confidential Information.  Both parties acknowledge that, in the
course of performing this Agreement, they may obtain information
relating to products (such as goods, services, and software) of the
other party, or relating to the parties themselves, which is of a
confidential and proprietary nature ("Confidential Information").
Confidential Information includes, Joyent Software, Documentation
and all communications concerning Joyent's or Customer's business
and marketing strategies including but not limited to employee and
customer lists, customer profiles, project plans, design documents,
product strategies and pricing data, research, advertising plans,
leads and sources of supply, development activities, design and
coding, interfaces with Joyent Software, anything provided by Joyent
in connection with its support or warranty obligations under this
Agreement, including, without limitation, computer programs,
technical drawings, algorithms, know-how, formulas, processes,
ideas, inventions (whether patentable or not), schematics and other
technical plans and other information of the parties which by its
nature can be reasonably expected to be proprietary and
confidential, whether it is presented in oral, printed, written,
graphic or photographic or other tangible form (including
information received, stored or transmitted electronically) even
though specific designation as Confidential Information has not been
made.

5.2 Non-use and Non-disclosure. The parties shall at all times, both
during the term of this Agreement and thereafter keep in trust and
confidence all Confidential Information of the other party and shall
not use such Confidential Information other than as necessary to
carry out its duties under this Agreement, nor shall either party
disclose any such Confidential Information to third parties without
the other party's prior written consent.  

5.3 Non-Applicability.  The obligations of confidentiality shall not
apply to information which (i) has entered the public domain except
where such entry is the result of a party's  breach of this
Agreement; (ii) prior to disclosure hereunder was already in the
receiving party's possession without restriction; (iii) subsequent
to disclosure hereunder is obtained by the receiving party on a
non-confidential basis from a third party who has the right to
disclose such information; or (iv) was developed by  the receiving
party without use of the Confidential Information.  In addition,
nothing in this Section 5 shall be deemed to prevent a party from
disclosing information as required by law, regulation or a court
order.

5.4 Terms of this Agreement. Except as required by law or
governmental regulation, neither party shall disclose, advertise, or
publish the terms and conditions of this Agreement without the prior
written consent of the other party, except that either party may
disclose the terms of this Agreement to potential acquirers,
accountants, attorneys and parent organizations pursuant to the
terms of a non-disclosure or confidentiality agreement, or to
potential investors.

5.5 Disclosure Required by Law.  Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein, each party may comply with an order from a court or
other governmental body of competent jurisdiction and disclose the
other party's Confidential Information in compliance with that order
only if such party: (i) gives the other party prior notice to such
disclosure if the time between that order and such disclosure
reasonably permits or, if time does not permit, gives the other
party notice of such disclosure promptly after complying with that
order and (ii) fully cooperates with the other party, at the other
party's cost and expense, in seeking a protective order,
confidential treatment, or taking other measures to oppose or limit
such disclosure.  Each party must not release any more of the other
party's Confidential Information than is reasonably necessary to
comply with an applicable order.

6.  WARRANTIES AND REMEDIES

6.1 Software Performance Warranty and Remedy. Joyent warrants to
Customer only that during the License Term, the Joyent Software will
perform in all material respects in accordance with its
Documentation.  Customer's exclusive remedy and Joyent's sole
obligation for any failure of the Joyent Software to perform in all
material respects in accordance with its Documentation will be for
Joyent to use its commercially reasonable efforts to correct such
non-conformance. Such warranties do not apply to any defect
resulting from misuse, casualty loss, use or combination of the
Joyent Software with any products, goods, services or other items
furnished by anyone other than Joyent (unless recommended by Joyent
in writing), any modification not made by or for Joyent, or any use
of the Joyent Software by Customer in contradiction of the terms of
this Agreement.

6.2 Warranty Disclaimer and Limitations. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN
SECTION 6.1, THE JOYENT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND JOYENT AND ITS LICENSORS MAKE NO
WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY REGARDING OR
RELATING TO THE JOYENT SOFTWARE OR THE DOCUMENTATION FURNISHED OR
PROVIDED TO CUSTOMER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, JOYENT AND ITS LICENSORS
SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGMENT WITH RESPECT TO
THE JOYENT SOFTWARE AND THE DOCUMENTATION.  FURTHER, JOYENT DOES NOT
WARRANT RESULTS OF USE OR THAT THE JOYENT SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR
FREE OR THAT THE CUSTOMER'S USE OF THE JOYENT SOFTWARE WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED.     

7.  INDEMNIFICATION Customer shall indemnify, defend and hold Joyent
and its directors, officers, employees, agents and independent
contractors harmless from and against, any and all claims, made
against Joyent by a third party arising out of any use by Customer
of the Joyent Software, including, without limitation, any service
offering by Customer that is based in whole or in part on the use of
the Joyent Software. 

8.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

8.1 Disclaimer of Certain Damages. IN NO EVENT SHALL CUSTOMER OR
JOYENT OR ITS LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF
USE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA, COST OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT
OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE JOYENT SOFTWARE, OR THE
PERFORMANCE OF OR FAILURE TO PERFORM THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER ALLEGED
AS A BREACH OF CONTRACT OR TORTIOUS CONDUCT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE,
EVEN IF A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 8.1 SHALL NOT
APPLY TO A BREACH BY CUSTOMER OF THE SCOPE OF THE LICENSE GRANTED IN
SECTION 2.1 OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR TO A BREACH BY EITHER PARTY OF ITS
OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 5 OF THIS AGREEMENT.

8.2 Damages Cap. IN NO EVENT SHALL JOYENT'S OR ITS LICENSORS'
AGGREGATE, CUMULATIVE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE
AMOUNTS CUSTOMER WAS REQUIRED TO PAY JOYENT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
FOR THE JOYENT SOFTWARE GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY, IN THE TWELVE
(12) MONTHS IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY.  

8.3 CUSTOMER AGREES THAT THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND
DISCLAIMERS ARE A BARGIANED FOR REASONABLE ALLOCATION OF THE RISK
BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND WILL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, EVEN IF ANY REMEDY FAILS IN ITS ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE.

9.  MISCELLANEOUS 

9.1 Assignment.  Customer may not assign this Agreement, in whole or
in part, without the prior written consent of Joyent, which shall
not be unreasonably withheld.  Any assignment in violation of this
Section 9.1 shall be void ab initio and of no effect.  Subject to
the foregoing, this Agreement is binding upon, inures to the benefit
of and is enforceable by the parties and their respective successors
and assigns.

9.2 Customer Identification.  Customer consents to Joyent's
identification of Customer as a user of the Joyent Software and/or
the Services, as applicable, on its website, through a press release
issued by Joyent and in other promotion materials. Customer also
agrees to cooperate with Joyent in writing a case study exposing how
the Joyent Software and/or the Services are being used and the
benefits the Customer is deriving from this use.

9.3 Export Control. Customer acknowledges that the goods, software
and technology acquired from Joyent are subject to U.S.  export
control laws and regulations, including but not limited to the
International Traffic In Arms Regulations ("ITAR") (22 C.F.R.  Parts
120-130 (2010)); the Export Administration Regulations ("EAR") (15
C.F.R.  Parts 730-774 (2010)); the U.S.  antiboycott regulations in
the EAR and U.S. Department of the Treasury regulations; the
economic sanctions regulations and guidelines of the U.S.
Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control, and
the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law
October 26, 2001), as amended.  Customer is now and will remain in
the future compliant with all such export control laws and
regulations, and will not export, re-export, otherwise transfer any
Joyent goods, software or technology or disclose any Joyent software
or technology to any person contrary to such laws or regulations.
Customer acknowledges that remote access to Joyent software may in
certain circumstances be considered a re- export of Joyent software,
and accordingly, may not be granted in contravention of U.S.  export
control laws and regulations. 

9.4 Fees. In any judicial proceeding between Customer and Joyent
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the prevailing party
shall be entitled to recover all reasonable expenses incurred as a
result of the proceeding, including reasonable attorneys' fees.

9.5 Force Majeure. Neither party will be liable for, or be
considered to be in breach of or default under this Agreement, other
than monetary obligations, as a result of any cause or condition
beyond such party's reasonable control.

9.6 Governing Law.  This Agreement will be governed by the laws of
the State of California, without regard to its conflict of laws
principles. This Agreement shall not be governed by the 1980 UN
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.  All
suits hereunder will be brought solely in Federal Court for the
Northern District of California, or if that court lacks subject
matter jurisdiction, in any California State Court located in San
Mateo County.  The parties hereby irrevocably waive any and all
claims and defenses either might otherwise have in any such action
or proceeding in any of such courts based upon any alleged lack of
personal jurisdiction, improper venue, forum non conveniens or any
similar claim or defense.  A breach by either party of Section 5
would cause irreparable harm for which the non-breaching party shall
be entitled to seek injunctive relief.  

9.7 Language.  This Agreement is in the English language only, which
language shall be controlling in all respects, and all versions
hereof in any other language shall not be binding to the parties
hereto.  All communications and notices to be made or given pursuant
to this Agreement shall be in the English language.

9.8 Notices.  Any notice or other communication under this Agreement
given by either party to the other will be deemed to be properly
given if given in writing and delivered in person or facsimile, if
acknowledged received by return facsimile or followed within one day
by a delivered or mailed copy of such notice, or if mailed, properly
addressed and stamped with the required postage, to the intended
recipient at its address specified below the signatures on this
Agreement. Either party may from time to time change its address for
notices under this Section by giving the other party notice of the
change in accordance with this Section 9.8.

9.9 Non-waiver.  Any failure of either party to insist upon or
enforce performance by the other party of any of the provisions of
this Agreement or to exercise any rights or remedies under this
Agreement will not be interpreted or construed as a waiver or
relinquishment of such party's right to assert or rely upon such
provision, right or remedy in that or any other instance. 

9.10  Severability.  If one or more provisions of this Agreement are
held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to
renegotiate such provision in good faith. In the event that the
parties cannot reach a mutually agreeable and enforceable
replacement for such provision, then:  (i) such provision shall be
excluded from this Agreement; (ii) the remainder of the Agreement
shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded; and
(iii) the remainder of the Agreement shall be enforceable in
accordance with its terms..

9.11  Entire Agreement. This Agreement completely and exclusively
states the entire understanding and agreement of the parties
regarding the subject matter herein, and supersedes, and its terms
govern, all prior proposals, agreements, or other communications
between the parties, oral or written, regarding such subject matter.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall not be deemed to
replace, and its terms and conditions shall not apply in lieu of any
license agreement that has been executed by the parties in respect
of the Joyent Software and associated services.

Joyent, Inc. Master Software License and Services Agreement
